WIP started handbook v2 content (#6546)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/handbook/future.md

---
title: Future
sidebar: Handbook
showTitle: true
---

**TL;DR:** $100 million ARR by 2026, working backwards
## Will PostHog sell?

What motivates us is building an epic product and company.

We're excited by:

* figuring out how far we can go
* helping engineers build products - reduce the need for product and data teams
* beating all the point solution competitors
* having customers buy _from_ us instead of us selling _to_ them

We're *not* excited by:

> * building a $1 billion company - we think going _much_ further is where the real challenge lies

Reviewer: Very subtle but the phrasing of this could mean you want to build a company that is smaller than $1bn
```suggestion
* selling the company for $1 billion - we think we can build a much bigger company by staying independent
```
